Update signup.md (#2012)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/getting-started/signup.md

Enter your email address and name and click **Create your account** to get started. Codemagic will then send a six-character authentication key to the provided email address. Enter the authentication key and click **Continue** to verify the email address and finish signup. Note that an unused key expires in 10 minutes. 

You will be sent a new authentication key every time you need to log in again.

## Codemagic Authentication Overview

> For Authentication, Codemagic uses an additional verification factor requiring OTP to be sent to the user's email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using email authentication, Codemagic uses an additional verification factor requiring a One Time Password to be sent to the user's email address.
```
